Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Today is October 31st!
It's the last day of October!
To tell you the truth, I’ve been putting up short videos everyday on my Facebook...
And in my social network channels during the month of October
I wonder if there’s someone who checked them
So then, today...!
I’ve been compiling all those daily videos...!
And I plan to reminisce the month of October!
In this case, this is the calendar for the month of October, Kizuna Ai style!
Onward!
Tooou!
October 1st!
October starts from today!
Let's keep it up and go!
♪ Today... What day is today? ♪
Today is October 2nd...
International Non-violence day!
No fighting! In any way!
October 3rd!
There’s only 2 months for the year to end, right?
Man, that’s fast
Time passed really quickly, huh!
Very, very speedy!
What I will introduce today is!
♪ Te, ren! ♪
October 4th!
Today...
It seems to be “World Animal Day”
Nyaaann!
Nyan! Nyan!
Everyone!
Do you know what day it is?
Eh?
You don't know?
Useless human
Today's October 5th
October 6th!
The week is ending soon
Everyone worked hard today!
Good job! Good, good, good, good, good
Please take a good rest in the weekend
Good job!
(Phrase by a famous Japanese comedian known as Instant Johnson)
October 7th!
Kizuna Ai’s one-off gag series!
Getz!
Uuuhhh! Baaah!
October 8th!
To those who are resting and to those who are working...!
Let's do our best together!
October 9th!
Today is World Post Day!
It's the day when the Universal Postal Union was established!
A letter arrived from Mr. White goat...
Mr. Black goat doesn't read it and...
October 10th
Today is Tuna Day!
In this case, starting from now...
I’ll do the Tuna dissection show
I can't!
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Today's October 11th!
There's only half of the week left unexpectedly
Let's continue with our best with what's left of it!
October 12th
Today is "Columbus Day"!
Here's one of Columbus’ famous quotes
"It's difficult to start anything at first"
It's the same for a Virtual YouTuber, right?
October 13th!
Today is the last day of the week!
Any work left that needs doing?
Really?
You shouldn't leave anything for next week!
Let's do our best until the day is over!
Yaaaay!
October 14th
Today is “World Standards Day”
"World Standards Day"
It's the day in which celebrate the efforts of people...
Who contribute to forming international standards like the ISO, IEC y ITU organizations
Yaaaay!
I also...
Want to become an international standard
Sunday!
October 15th!
Today is the anniversary of the Gregorian calendar!
Did you know?
It's the day when everyone in the world started using the actual calendar
I’ll imitate Gregorio XIII
One year has 365 days
It's decideeeeeed!
October 16th!
Today is international food day!
"World Food Day"
Please make sure to eat your food appropriately
Let's do our best this week too!
October 17th!
You there, who looks a little tired!
How about watching some A.I.Channel?
I’m sure it'll help get rid of your fatigue!
October 18th!
Kizuna Ai’s one-off gag series!
October 19th!
I’m sorry!
Today, A.I.Channel will be having a day off
However...
I plan to put up a video in A.I.Games, so then...
If you want, please watch it
October 20th!
Good job for everyone who worked this week!
I wonder what you’ll have planned for the weekend
I want to play again with all of you!
♪ Saturday Night ♪
♪ Ai Ai Ai Ai Kizuna Ai ♪
♪ Ai Ai Ai AI A.I.Channel ♪
October 21st!
Hoi!
October 22nd!
Sunday!
Today is Parachute Day!
It celebrates the first day the humans used a parachute
Shuuuuuuu!
October 23rd!
This week, I’ll be talking in Kansai dialect...
Make sure to watch
October 24th!
It's Tuesday!
Today is United Nations Day
"United Nations Day"
It seems that the members of the United Nations are advised to commemorate this day as a public holiday, but...
Are you all resting?
What does this mean?
Having said that, today is October 25th
What do you think of my "tsukkomi"?
(Phrase used during jokes to correct someone)
It was good, right?
October 26th!
It's the turning point of this week
Let's do our best!
October 27th!
Thank God it's Friday!
You guys worked hard this week too, right?
Good job!
October 28th!
Only 4 days left for October to end
I don't want it to end
October 29th!
The week is now over!
So then...
Today I’ll be saying goodbye to the Kansai dialect
You’ll miss it, right?
Let's see again
October 30th!
There’s only 2 days left for October to end!
Let's do our best during the last period, don’t leave anything unfinished
Of course, today is...
“First Love Day”
October 31st!
Happy Halloween!
Having said that...
If you don't watch my videos...
I’ll do a trick on you!
Thanks October!
Nice to meet you November!
* Translated by Vortex *